you you play lots of instruments but am
i right you've learned
a new instrument in life yes i did um
a couple of things yeah i learned a
couple of instruments i i sort of really
got to grips with the didgeridoo
and um i um are you serious do you want
to judge you
i don't under did we do and um uh i got
a lot of complaints actually from
neighbours
um people thought there was a swarm of
bees uh
but um i i actually also taught i've
been teaching myself this instrument
here
which is um uh it's it's something i've
i've
wanted to play for a long time i play it
occasionally you know um
but it's it's a mandola and it's like a
mandolin
but it's a deeper sound it makes a
lovely sort of like
a deeper sound i'll give you a little oh
yeah i'll give you a demo oh yeah
um i've written actually i've been
practicing with irish real so i don't
know
if you uh this brings back any memories
i'll
start on our feet
[Music]
wow
oh something like that oh my dad would
have loved you you would have popped
right through the door
irish ginger